Run 2 VS Team Aqua Grunts Museum:
Togedemaru takes ~30% dmg, kills Murkrow with Spark (slow kill)
Tirtouga comes out (Mud shot). Switch into Nuzleaf, takes 10%
Fake Out + 2x Razor Leaf should kill, we live even through 1 ancient power boost
Skrelp comes out, sees kill with Acid. Switch into Togedemaru, take 0%.
Fast kill with Fake Out + Spark, unless fake out is protected, but water pulse deals max 30% back.

Mareanie is dead to Fake Out + Spark, again unless fake out is protected. Cannot deal damage back though.
Now either Frillish or Whirlipede come out:
- vs Whirlipede: switch into Monferno, takes 10% Pin Missile damage. 2 a 3x Flame Wheel should kill.
Watch for Rocky Helmet, deals 1/6 hp back each time! 3x Flame wheel is 3/6 = 50% HP ! We don't live through that
He will Poison Tail or Venoshock, so we could switch into Togedemaru here and kill with Spark (which _does_ make contact!)
- vs Frillish: Togedemaru one-shots with Spark, so probably Whirlipede comes out first. Can cycle through a water type to bait Shock Wave first

3 slots backup:
- Buizel, water type to bait Shock Wave. Has a prio move to kill Whirlipede if needed, and Sonic Boom
- Staryu, water type with high speed vs Tirtouga
- Remoraid, another water type, with psybeam for Skrelp?

Actual fight:
Togedemaru eats a crit from Murkrow, so we steer using Remoraid to kill Skrelp.
Buizel indeed finishes off Whirlipede with Aqua Jet, after it got locked into Rollout

Run 2 VS Battle Girl Jocelyn:
Monferno Low Sweeps Kecleon twice, with anti-para berry to be sure.
Expect Golett next. Lopunny takes Shadow Punch (or maybe Mega Punch), then Lumineon takes Drain Punch and Water Pulses x2.
Pignite is hard countered by Fletchinder, and Hakamo-o does nothing vs Lopunny
- backup Remoraid to revenge-kill Golett or Pignite, and Buizel with Fake Out + Aqua Jet

Actual fight:
Monferno takes no damage because Kecleon goes for Thunder Wave (Player mon is faster than AI mon, but slower than AI mon after paralysis (1/4 speed), +8)
Golett goes exactly as planned, Hakamo-o is next. Gets Iron Defense off, takes one Covet, then Dragon Tails dragging out Buizel.
Switch back to Lopunny, Covet again, Dragon Tail brings out Remoraid, who kills with Psybeam.
Pignite takes Bubble Beam then Flame Charges(!), increasing speed, now outspeeding Remoraid.
Switch to Buizel finishes things off. First run to get to Brawly!

Run 2 VS Leader Brawly:
Dottler destroys Kubfu, Reflect into Psybeam (twice if reflect gets brick break-ed). Dottler also potentially kills Poliwhirl with Light Screen
Brings out Combusken/Hitmontop/Scraggy, I think Combusken (since Reflect lowers rest's attack a lot)
Monferno matches up well vs Lopunny, but also kinda ok vs Combusken with Reflect up. Low Sweep can keep Speed Boost in check (though it procs the turn it enters, making it faster)
How about Buizel vs Combusken? Fake Out + Water Pulse + Aqua Jet, means we take one hit on the switch and one during Water Pulse. Crit will kill us, but otherwise works great.
Only works because of Reflect!! Buizel also baits Poliwhirl's HP Grass.
Luxio with Intimidate matches up very well vs Poliwhirl. Nuzzle + Spark = kill.
Hitmontop with Pursuit is very very dangerous here!
We can somewhat switch safely into Hitmontop with Lumineon if Reflect is up again..
Monferno is OK vs Scraggy. Fletchinder is the best revenge kill vs Hitmontop after a sac/pursuit trap (still not great)
Honestly, Dottler would be great vs Hitmontop too, after Reflect.
Fletchinder can take Kubfu? Does that bait Poliwhirl?
Lopunny can deal with Scraggy.

Okay so let's try Dottler reflect into Buizel vs Combusken, into Luxio vs Poliwhirl, and take Monferno, Fletchinder and Lopunny in the back.
I'm tired of calculating ;) if we die, we try the Fletchinder lead line before restarting.

Actual fight:
Dottler indeed wrecks Kubfu, though I forgot about his healing berry.
Lopunny is switched in, with 4 turns of reflect remaining.
Monferno eats a crit Headbutt, ejects Lopunny into Poliwhirl
Luxio indeed kills Poliwhirl handily. Lopunny is sent out again?! Was expecting Combusken for sure.
Ah, Retaliate destroys me here. RIP Luxio. Switching Fletchinder in. Kills but gets below 50% hp (was hoping on Aerial Ace + Quick Attack but had to Ace twice)
Now Combusken finally comes out. Sacced Fletchinder to deal 50% with Ace.
Buizel Fake Out + Aqua Jet leaves it at 1 HP, but it lives a Thunder Punch. Another Aqua Jet kills.
Hitmontop comes out. I mind game myself over Pursuit/Mach punch and stay in to Aqua Jet, only to die to Fake Out.
Monferno dies to Mach Punch. Dottler dies to Pursuit. Lopunny dies to 2x Mach Punch. GG.

Fletchinder lead version (for science):
Fletchinder destroys Kubfu completely, winning speed ties and burning it with Flame Body.
Lopunny switches in; Quick Attack triggers Eject Button before it can Retaliate. Poliwhirl comes in.
Luxio again kills it easily. Lopunny is back. Baby-Doll Eyes reduces its attack, and we live on 4 hp.
Monferno Low Sweeps it down on half HP. Hitmontop is next. I tank a Fake Out (Mach Punch didn't go first?!)
I'm just outside of Pursuit range so take a Mach Punch on Dottler. Rock Slide flinches (!) it so it can't get Reflect off..
Fletchinder crits Aerial Ace then dies to Rock Slide. Lopunny kills Hitmontop but takes a big Mach Punch first.
Lopunny Dizzy Punches then dies to Double Kick. Buizel lives a Thunder Punch and kills with Water Pulse.
Now Scraggy is last. We have no switches and die. Luxio wins the speed tie to paralyze it, then dies.
Monferno gets lucky and Scraggy is paralyzed once, but 2x Low Sweep is just not enough and we die to Rock Tomb. GG.